README.md, before:

# Porting OneUI ROM Guide
A complete OneUI ROM Porting Guide Noob Friendly

# Tutorial
- Extract the stock AP from your device and the ported device (AP has the patition `super` which has `system`, `product`, `odm` and `vendor` inside).
  - ⚠️ Skip extracting `vendor_boot` from yours and ported devices.
- Replace all the files indicated in the replaced-apps.txt: [replaced-apps.txt](https://github.com/Aflaungos/PortingOneUIROMGuide/blob/main/replaced-apps.txt) in the ported device system folder (should be under CRB Folder/Projects/<PROJECTNAME>/ROM)
- [OPTIONAL] Open [removed-apps.txt](https://github.com/Aflaungos/PortingOneUIROMGuide/blob/main/removed-apps.txt) and delete all the apps in the list from the ported device's `system` partition.
  - ⚠️ Delete files of `odm`, `product` and `vendor` from your device project and of `system` from ported device project
- Some files are missing in your `vendor` partition because they don't come with non-flagship phones. They are unessential, but if you want full compatibility and working features, you should compare your `vendor` parition with the ported device's `vendor` partition.
## Inside the `system_ext` partition of the ported device:
  - Check if any 'FM radio' libs are missing and port them from your device to it.
  - Replace the build.prop file with your device's file inside the `etc` folder.
  - Inside the `etc/selinux` folder, remove all lines containing "fabriccrypto" from inside /system/system_ext/etc/selinux/mapping/3X.0.cil files.
    - ⚠️ Note the X means there are more files, like 31, 32, 33...
  - `system_dlkm/etc` folder: Replace the build.prop file from with your device's file.
## Inside the `system` partition of the ported device:
  - Replace the `build.prop` and `default.prop` files from ported device `system` partition with your device's files.
  - Inside the `priv-app` folder, copy over from the repo Applock, wallpaper-res (optional) and SSecure.
  - Replace HybridRadio with your device's if you care about radio.
  - Inside the `lib` and `lib64` folders, copy over FM radio files from your device's.
  - Copy over the FM radio and Applock permissions from your device to ported device's `system` partition.
  - Copy over the `default-permissions` folder from your device to ported device's `system` partition.
  - Inside the `app` folder, copy over all Gallery related folders from the repo to your system. Copy over FunModeSDK from your device to ported device's `system/app` folder.
  - Inside the `etc/selinux` folder, compare it with your device's. If you notice differences in this folder it may cause bootloops and if that's the case, replace the ported device files with your device's files.
## Packaging
- After completing all the changes you want, re-pack `odm`, `product` and `vendor` from your device's project.
- Re-pack `system` from ported device's project, and copy over the newly generated `system.img` file to your device's project Build folder.
- Repack `super.img` as a `raw` image inside device's project and compress the new `super.img` into an `xz` file using 7-zip
## Installing
- Extract super.img from xz file and flash using TWRP or any other custom recovery as image file in `Super` Partition
## Done
- Congratulations! You have finished this guide, and should probably have a working OneUI port.
## [If having SELinux issues] Inside of your device 'vendor' folder
- Replace the selinux folder with the ported device's selinux folder.

# Special Thanks
- Huge thanks to @ShaDisNX255 for his guide.
- @furbanoramos24 for explaining me some stuff about SELinux

Commit message:

README.md: Add guide for APEX and SELinux too

README.md, after:

# Porting OneUI ROM Guide
A complete OneUI ROM Porting Guide Noob Friendly

# Tutorial
- Extract the stock AP from your device and the ported device (AP has the patition `super` which has `system`, `product`, `odm` and `vendor` inside).
  - ⚠️ Skip extracting `vendor_boot` from yours and ported devices.
- Replace all the files indicated in the replaced-apps.txt: [replaced-apps.txt](https://github.com/Aflaungos/PortingOneUIROMGuide/blob/main/replaced-apps.txt) in the ported device system folder (should be under CRB Folder/Projects/<PROJECTNAME>/ROM)
- [OPTIONAL] Open [removed-apps.txt](https://github.com/Aflaungos/PortingOneUIROMGuide/blob/main/removed-apps.txt) and delete all the apps in the list from the ported device's `system` partition.
  - ⚠️ Delete files of `odm`, `product` and `vendor` from your device project and of `system` from ported device project
- Some files are missing in your `vendor` partition because they don't come with non-flagship phones. They are unessential, but if you want full compatibility and working features, you should compare your `vendor` parition with the ported device's `vendor` partition.
## Inside the `system_ext` partition of the ported device:
  - Check if any 'FM radio' libs are missing and port them from your device to it.
  - Replace the build.prop file with your device's file inside the `etc` folder.
  - Inside `system_ext/etc/selinux`, follow these steps to fix SELinux based on the OneUI version:
    1. Check `plat_sepolicy_vers.txt` for which vndk version you have (ex: 30 = VNDK30, 31 = VNDK31 and so on). Note the number down as `YOURNUMBER`.
    2. Inside `vendor/etc/selinux/plat_pub_versioned.cil`, check with each line in the table below if you have it on this file, **and if not** remove all lines that have this line referenced from this file: `system_ext/etc/selinux/mapping/<YOURNUMBER>.cil`
    3. These are the lines to delete:
    - OneUI 5/5.1              | OneUI 6/6.1/6.1.1             | OneUI 7
      ------------------------:|:-----------------------------:|:-----------------------
      audiomirroring           | hal_dsms_default              | I haven't found out yet
      audiomirroring_exec      | hal_dsms_default_exec         |
      audiomirroring_service   | proc_compaction_proactiveness |
      fabriccrypto             | sbauth                        |
      fabriccrypto_exec        | sbauth_exec                   |
      fabriccrypto_data_file   |                               |
      hal_dsms_service         |                               |
      uwb_regulation_skip_prop |                               |
  - If comparing inside the folder `system_ext/apex` from port and your device ROM, you notice that you have a different number (which is the VNDK version of your device) you have to replace it with yours.
    - For example, `com.android.vndk.v30.apex` is yours and `com.android.vndk.v31/2/3/4.apex`, replace it with yours!
## Inside `system_dlkm/etc` folder:
  - Replace the build.prop file from with your device's file.
## Inside the `system` partition of the ported device:
  - Replace the `build.prop` and `default.prop` files from ported device `system` partition with your device's files.
  - Inside the `priv-app` folder, copy over from the repo Applock, wallpaper-res (optional) and SSecure.
  - Replace HybridRadio with your device's if you care about radio.
  - Inside the `lib` and `lib64` folders, copy over FM radio files from your device's.
  - Copy over the FM radio and Applock permissions from your device to ported device's `system` partition.
  - Copy over the `default-permissions` folder from your device to ported device's `system` partition.
  - Inside the `app` folder, copy over all Gallery related folders from the repo to your system. Copy over FunModeSDK from your device to ported device's `system/app` folder.
  - Inside the `etc/selinux` folder, compare it with your device's. If you notice differences in this folder it may cause bootloops and if that's the case, replace the ported device files with your device's files.
## Packaging
- After completing all the changes you want, re-pack `odm`, `product` and `vendor` from your device's project.
- Re-pack `system` from ported device's project, and copy over the newly generated `system.img` file to your device's project Build folder.
- Repack `super.img` as a `raw` image inside device's project and compress the new `super.img` into an `xz` file using 7-zip
## Installing
- Extract super.img from xz file and flash using TWRP or any other custom recovery as image file in `Super` Partition
## Done
- Congratulations! You have finished this guide, and should probably have a working OneUI port.
## [If having SELinux issues] Inside of your device 'vendor' folder
- Replace the selinux folder with the ported device's selinux folder.

# Special Thanks
**Huge thanks to these people:**
- **@ShaDisNX255** for his guide!
- **@furbanoramos24** for explaining me some stuff about SELinux!
- **@salvogiangri** for UN1CA, which gave me the knowledge to learn how to port!
